I was going to comment on the thing about Greev and Grandma, I did
n't even see it, I mentioned it to
Fran in a video on my phone But I didn't
even see it I'm going to watch the Spring and
Dallas thing, man Because Dallas just uploaded
a video and so I think that's
what I should watch. No, not today,
apparently Dallas has
been doing
some pretty controversial live shows while we've been in Thailand And
maybe I missed it and I've got a
bit of work piling up then we have Cocu there too let's
see now we'll see there's
a lot of gossip about the evening eh
Because he was also going there, for example, he
broke his word with Celado on some
fights I knew it man, some
fights I knew it but on this
occasion I couldn't, I couldn't leak it I'm a lady
oreria I don't understand anything but I
love listening to you a kiss solag well
today listening to me is not very pleasant
eh Because I have a super nasal voice let's see the
clip summary of the controversy with everything
let's see what happened I
always maintain my position with Dallas
because Dallas for me eh I don't know what  well
for having gone to the Cos Army Awards like
this guy is not aware no I mean he doesn't
realize that I haven't said anything to other people who have gone
to the ccu Army thing
or him specifically let's
remember a moment because these people
love to distort things uh him
specifically when I was the only
person who was speaking out against
what kcu did and how horrible it
seemed to me that they were giving money and
fame to a person like kosku
when I was the only one who was
doing this this guy out of nowhere
attacked me out of nowhere literally out of nowhere I
remind you eh In case anyone had
forgotten I don't remember if I've
commented anything else about some other
people who have gone to the awards these
disgusting coscu but it's
literally he was the one who got into
my face and everything why to
defend ccu I mean without mentioning
coscu directly it seems to me that you didn't
mention him what he did was dedicate himself to
saying a lot of garbage about me and to
destroy uh any credibility that  I
had my word when on top of that it wasn't
even my word against kcu's it's that it
's kcu's against kcu's because he
's a piece of violin and that's it doesn't
make any kind of sense that I
relate to kcu as if he were my friend
when he's not a friend he's a companion worse you make it
worse for me because if
you said to MS no it's that ccu is my
soul mate well still no I wouldn't understand
How was it How was it How was it How was it
sounds to me Ah how was it maybe it was because of the
fuk thread of the kitten who by the way has
recovered the account I saw it today
maybe the cat put that saka
coku on him and there the dala put something to him and
suddenly Sprint told him to stop no
Or it was with or it was with something from nimu I
remember that they were already throwing themselves in
fact Sprint threw me in one I don't
remember why okay but but I don't
remember the birth as such dude Ah
about duky about duky that was it but that was
the czu it was nim let's see about duky the
autotunnel there  the Dallas fight
with czu begins but the Spring thing started on
Twitter and I don't remember it was also
Spring defending duky ah friend but it would
still be understood no I wouldn't respect him at
all but it would be understood in a way
of Hey you put your career and your credibility at risk
for someone who is your friend you
don't put your career and your
credibility at risk solely and exclusively for
a guy who gives you a little bit of fame just
because you get along with a guy who is
more famous than you on the platform like him
he is also a platform partner
with con coku Eh then guy no how how how how did he just
say what he
just said let me listen to this
when he is not a friend he is a
platform partner like him he is also a
platform partner with con cocu eh
what a jerk does he have eh He really had
the nerve to try to say that
I am also a
ccu partner this guy doesn't think eh I freak out with
this guy who is a coscu partner
because I upload videos to YouTube he lives in
another Universe really the phrase he lives
in another universe is a [ __ ] joke this is discussed
a lot in the
gentlemen talking  the thing about no no don't
criticize colleagues who start
saying a lot, I mean you can criticize
María Patiño Jorge Javier everything
but not someone who has a
YouTube channel because then you're criticizing
a colleague is like a colleague, I mean a
colleague for me is for example
when you are at work a
colleague is someone who works with you in
the same company no eh but a colleague
is not another person who has nothing to
do with me because they have a
YouTube channel what the [ __ ] we don't work hand in
hand or side by side or neither nor nor do we have
anything in common perfect it is necessary to
deny this it is necessary it would be like
saying that you are such a criminal because you
share such in a way that I know that
you are any criminal because you
share a planet with him I don't know it is it is
very ridiculous really it is
nonsense he just made the throw of his
life and he is so happy and the worst thing is that I
imagine that his chat will have been
applauding Yes yes it is Prim my
little house because I have nothing to do with
what kku did And then why is he
defending him is that he doesn't even know what he is
saying it is like in  this point where he does
n't have the slightest idea of ​​what he's
saying or how he says it And
then he says No, I don't have to talk
about cosu but lment explicitly defended him he
defended him and the fact that I
went to his awards doesn't mean
that I endorse him or that I have to defend him
no this is a lie this is a total
lie yes it does mean that you endorse him
in addition to what he has done apost
exteriori that he has literally
dedicated himself to explicitly defending him on
Twitter it seems to me that Sprint did
defend him not literally
eh It seems to me that he said something like it
was [ __ ] Ah I don't want to
say something other than because I'm not
speaking from memory but didn't
Sprint say in a tweet like Ah what
czu did was you know he said that he doesn't care
that he had no reason to give an opinion he said
that czu had apologized That That he said
according to cocu He apologized exactly
that that's another thing It's that on top of Ah yes Not
only because of what aposte diori made that he
started explicitly defending him the
ridiculous coscu but on top of that you
say No, I'm supporting an event
that event well Of course yes of course
yes if you go to an
event that for example is organized by I don't know a
member of the kakak for example
even if it's about any other thing You
would go no a kiss Salomé But well what's
happening here today with the members
what's happening here today with the
members I have to update the bar
now eh It's that I don't have
the members open here but now now now we
see How many members are going because I
think we're back to probably
3000 Yes yes I'm tired
Vicky I'm still a bit carrying the
gat let's look at this topic and I don't know if
anyone else and I'm going to go to it
tells me this that in 16 minutes I have everything
man So now as soon as
this is done I'm going to go organize this for the
editor and send it to him okay so
that the editor has all the
episodes organized and I'll go to bed
and tomorrow tomorrow I'm going to resume
all the newscasts all the content
already okay today has been like the first
contact let's say but it's like
yesterday I fell dead after eating I
woke up  at 67 in the morning and now
of course it's already 2 in the morning I'm
here tired so I have to get
into the rhythm Not the
gentlemen who are relating you with
the kakak And then you would say I'm not going to
get involved with this because I know who's
organizing it I mean you would go to
some awards called kakak Awards
Of course you wouldn't go of course What would you
say you would say No man and you say no but
the awards don't talk about anything
about ending the lives of people
who don't have your skin color they don't
talk about any of that But those
people organize it anyway you know it's very
stupid And he still says No no it's that I don't
support it by going to the awards Of course you
support it of course you make them
more famous and they have to stop it
every photographer who is incredible eh you make
them more famous and that and that you
publicly are supporting it if you
attend an event you support it with your
presence there's no getting around it and that's it you
know what I said this pejo never never
means that Fu  I
came out to defend gref with the issue of
the grandmothers and all this do you understand it's
the same guy the difference is that you haven't
said anything about gref's grandmothers
but you have spoken in favor of kcu
literally in fact man but apart from that it doesn't
have the same gravity Victoria a kiss
apart from that it doesn't have the same gravity man
I would go to a gref event I would
go to a gref event and I wouldn't go to a
ccu event But to a gref event
yes because despite the fact that it seems to me
that he has done bad things, questionable,
criticizable, no, it doesn't reach
a level of something for me to say, you know, I mean, I
might like gref more or less but I don't
consider him to be a person that
brands have to AB grandpa you were
missed a lot the videos with Frank are
cool I hope you had a great time it
looks great brut a hug
a kiss handsome Thank you very much The question
is if he would invite you no gref wouldn't
invite me But well we're not talking
about whether he would invite me or not we're talking about
comparing gref with the grandmothers
with cocu or  sea ​​they have the same
history No it's not the same type of
[ __ ] agreed I just remembered that
I didn't remember this very well eh I
would have liked to see Adán fighting in
the evening Well look Well honestly eh
if she wanted to participate in the
evening then I see it as fine as long as it's
not the same edition in which
czu fought As simple as that S Wow
a kiss as simple as that it's obvious
not literally The guy dedicated himself to
saying that's it he acknowledged that he made a
mistake and asked for forgiveness and kosu has never
asked for forgiveness for anything but never and the
Sprint No in fact he says that it's a lie and
so he dedicated himself to giving
ccu a maturity that he has never had but that he has never ever
had never kcu has never
apologized for anything the only thing he has
limited himself to saying is to deny everything
literally the only thing he has done is to
deny absolutely everything because
then he goes and Ah kcu let's have a
fight that this that the other the problem
was cco not the evening exactly but the thing is that
people already take analogies from your
[ __ ] ass if they are going to invite you to the evening of  year
four would you probably go this year
yes I would go I have no reason
why not go if this year he invites me
Probably yes I would run away moo for
whoever I don't like I greet them and whoever I do
n't like I don't greet them you
know what I mean most people
then internet things don't
take it so seriously and besides I want to be
part of the elite it's not a joke it's a joke let's
see if if they invite me yes they invite me and it would be
good for me to go Javi if coscu
had apologized he would have been
forgiven on your part and on Dallas
for example I don't have to forgive I
don't have to forgive anything and I understand
that Dallas would not be anyone to forgive him
or not forgive him now you
can decide to hang out with him not
hang out with him or such he is not a person
but not only because of
the girl I mean for me kcu is not a
person with the attitudes he has and
such no and the profile that he has not be a
person with whom I would want to have a
close relationship you understand but man
yes yes yes at least that hasn't happened
Imagine no Hey a  kid who has been
raised in an environment where
certain behaviors and certain
conduct are normalized, and also for a long
time, well, you know, eh, but at
least he comes out like a guy, you know, and for a
long time now, he hasn't had
disgusting behaviors of the same type and he
comes out and says, look, I screwed up, this happened and it
happened like this, it happened, you know, I put the g in, I was
an idiot, I was an idiot, I'm
so sorry, I don't know how to fix it, I know,
once a guy tells you that, what
else do you have to say to him? I mean, since you're
going to ask him to hit himself with a
whip, but the thing is, the thing is,
the guy denies it, the thing is, the
guy says it's a lie, that
Dallas is in his head. But at least let's
see that I don't have to excuse him, that would be
missing, let's see, what the hell do I have to do
with the story, you know, what the hell do I have to do with it?
I don't have anything now, man, it would have
seemed to me that it would be the right thing to do. Hey,
look, if what he's pulling out of me is that it
was like that, that's how I screwed up. It's that I was
senseless, I was an idiot, it was this  it was the
other thing whatever and out and no and
nothing else has happened and it's been a lot of
years since anything else has happened he doesn't have
that kind of behavior you know but
then the thing with caprim min comes out I don't
know what comes out I don't know how much Jai when are you getting
together with delox again Well whenever he
wants well whenever he wants I don't know if I'll
talk to him tomorrow yes I remember Nothing more
than he wants to come in the end dude the
guy keeps saying that he doesn't want to
give visibility to someone who did such and such a
thing and then go on Twitter to
ask for a fight visibility to the other thing
in the end if it was the other it was the other it wasn't
me how can he be so thick skinned it
was the second time that kcu challenged me the
second time second the first I completely ignored it
and the second time I said you
screwed up and the guy literally screwed himself he
screwed himself and also Ah I mean the fight came from
when Dallas was fighting with
the cco like the ccu challenged him and he
said come on let's go more if he had
accepted he would have done the world a favor
because I told him what I'll do if you sign me
that you delete the networks  social networks would have had to be
deleted I mean it can't
have more visibility on my part the
important thing is that no justice is done at
all and that others make him
money and yes they give him visibility but
the good kind in any case I give him
visibility but the bad kind which is
basically pointing it out for what it is
like a violin like a business But on the
other hand you're going to tell me that for me to accept
his second time dedicating himself to threatening
because that's the only thing this
macho knows how to do dedicating himself to threatening and
saying Oh yeah well he's going to turn on
social networks to do some justice in
this shitty world he's not going to do
absolutely anything because if the victim
doesn't report there's absolutely nothing
that can be done from there I say
well go go I'm going to do justice and I'm
still going to continue being the bad guy
because you accepted the fight with coscu you're
not going to say anything to him for
challenging me twice to that people don't
realize that he does many things just for
visibility and because it generates views and
money and nothing I mean the point of all this
is like there are things that I will always
maintain my position and in that I am
sure that I will  maintain my position
always because then let me understand
If we imagine that a host but it's that
Dallas has uploaded This edited video
also you Claudia a kiss has uploaded the
edited video Don't look at a newspaper publishes
an article about elisa for example
Vale and write No well they went to a
town in the Middle East kidnapped
all the women killed all the
men so what we have to
understand is that the newspaper is
criticizing elisa is that of course they only
wanted visibility for their news it
's ridiculous I mean you for criticizing a
crime are the bad one because you are
looking for visibility you not this guy
really one day the cradle fell I
have nothing to do with it and sometimes and I may have
been wrong and when I was wrong
sorry for aluna I mean on Twitter more
than anything Javi deos and Dalas
reconciled Let's see is that as far as
I understand there was no breakup no there
was no fight no as far as I
understand it was good disagreement Yes yes but
I understand that they have continued
talking as if nothing no well as if
nothing I imagine that they would talk about the subject in private
and that's it We hope that
also yes that I commented for simple  fact
of feeling pressured for something that I
have nothing to do with I spoke without knowing and
I apologized for that because or
at least what I commented in my video I did
not apologize for absolutely
anything that I know eh about Razo I say eh I
feel like I am the one who is crazy for real
and I am thankful that there are so many people who
support me in the things that I say because I
say is that these people are experts in
gaslighting you eh in making you believe
that no that you are the one who is wrong but you
are criticizing a violin it is incredible I
swear eh And the excuses and
mental garbage that they say How am I not going to speak
badly about a subject that I don't know and that they are
pressuring me to speak you understand me type
people too idiot And then
why does he have the balls to talk about me it is that it
is an inconsistency he in itself
says no I am not going to talk about a subject that I do
n't know And then why do you talk about me
then why do you criticize me if
you don't even watch my videos I think the
guy said it in a video he doesn't even
watch my videos but that m has the
games  dedicate himself to criticizing me and telling me he
said he didn't watch the videos but he was
subscribed no no it was to Ah it was to Agustín
no but to Sprint too no we didn't
get him from Sprint that he was subscribed
to the Dallas Channel I heard right he is an
extremely clown idiot it's like he's just
looking for hair on the egg idiot literally
Look to Look for things like that it's true I mean to
say that a violin eh abused a
girl that's Looking for hair on the egg no
an But why am I going to look to talk about
a topic that I have nothing to do with or rather that's the
same thing he should ask himself
constantly Why doesn't he shut his mouth
because lmente the last time on Twitter it
was him dedicating himself to throwing [ __ ] at
nimu that was the last thing he did throwing
[ __ ] at anim for free for
free and then he dedicated himself to
answering me he put one search on me Before
talking about something I didn't want to talk about the
subject I don't need to talk about the subject
I'm not from review I don't go around talking
about controversies in my But how can he have
such a thick skin dude that he doesn't go around
talking about controversies But why is he such a
liar dude he's a  mythomaniac eh if I talk it
's because they involve me it doesn't involve me
in absolutely anything what coku did
literally Why is he a liar man
But why But why does he lie so much
nobody involved him in anything Hello how
is my favorite grandfather red heart
kiss Fabricio well very cold man I
'm here I can hardly breathe
but thanks I'm freaking out eh I'm
telling you very seriously it's that
a debate tells me this and I yell at him
But how can he be such a liar man I'm
getting nervous eh But all the
people who have been live watching
his garbage Stream will have said Sprint
Sprint my
little house this guy really is great
he knows how to defend himself he defended himself and let him
continue debating
with Dalas and C I heard that and let him
continue defending himself and let him continue
defending himself I mean there's a lot of importance
in the words he's saying and how he's
saying them instead of saying something
like I don't know it's not my fault that
kcu did things wrong that is
a more or less correct way of
saying it what he does is take it and say it and keep
going  defending ccu please
tell me if you agree with me or
if I'm crazy here that's why I have to go around
defending squill as little as the
face of someone that I never even
mentioned or rather and literally did
mention it or rather he I remind you that he originally attacked me
less than a
year ago and he attacked me less than a year ago
when the topic was hot me
criticizing kcu And the thing is that nobody brought him
up Spring he got involved because he felt like it
or rather he had absolutely no part
in the discussion eh he had absolutely no part in
[Music]
nothing